feat(gateway): Oauth2 token support in event plugins (#5608)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/kafka-consume/index.md

> In DB-less mode, if the declarative configuration file contains a `kafka-consume` plugin scoped to a Service, {{site.base_gateway}} will fail to start. In this case, you must update the declarative configuration before restarting {{site.base_gateway}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In DB-less mode, if the declarative configuration file contains a `kafka-consume` plugin scoped to a Service, {{site.base_gateway}} will fail to start. In this case, proceed as follows:

1. Update the declarative configuration 1. Restart {{site.base_gateway}}.
```

> In hybrid mode, if a `kafka-consume` plugin scoped to a Service exists in PostgreSQL, upgrading and restarting the control plane will succeed. However, before updating the data plane, you must update the plugin configuration. Otherwise, once the data plane is upgraded and restarted, it will fail to sync the configuration due to validation errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In hybrid mode, if a `kafka-consume` plugin scoped to a Service exists in PostgreSQL, upgrading and restarting the control plane will succeed. Then, to avoid validation errors on sync, follow these steps:

1. Update the plugin configuration.
1. Update and restart the data plane.
```
